[TASK] Split up deployment section (#342)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-GettingStarted: Documentation/Installation/Deployer/Index.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

.. index:: Deployment; Deployer

.. _deployment-deployer:

========
Deployer
========

> `Deployer <https://deployer.org>`__ is an alternative deployment tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Deployer <https://deployer.org>`__ is a deployment tool
```
